Update HISTORY for 0.33.1 against TileDB 2.27.0 (#2125)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py: HISTORY.md

# Release 0.33.1

## Packaging Notes

> This version eliminates the Cython dependency, and communication with core is now handled exclusively with pybind11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version eliminates the Cython dependency, and communication with the TileDB Arrays library (libtiledb) is now handled exclusively with pybind11.
```
